Flowershow news february (#431)
flowershow/flowershow: site/content/blog/2023-02-17-updated-features.md

---
title: Flowershow News February 2023
description: Page comments, site wide table of contents and twitter embeds have been added. 😎🚀
created: 2023-02-17
authors: [philippe-du-preez]
---

Hey digital gardeners! 💐

Why did the banana go to the doctor? 👨‍⚕️ Because it wasn't peeling well! 🍌

Here are some of the new features we have implemented. 😎🚀

## Page comments

> Flowershow supports the integration of a user commenting feature on your website, allowing visitors to provide their feedback and thoughts on your pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flowershow supports the integration of [Giscus](https://giscus.app/), [Utterances](https://utteranc.es/), or [Disqus](https://disqus.com/) to add comments functionality to your website, allowing visitors to provide their feedback and thoughts on your content.
```

![[page_comments.png]]

https://flowershow.app/docs/comments

## Site wide table of contents

Flowershow supports adding a site-wide table of contents in a LHS sidebar to allow your users to easily navigate to other pages on your website.

![[site-toc.png]]

https://flowershow.app/docs/site-wide-toc

## Twitter embeds

Inserting a twitter url in between new lines will automatically be converted into an embed

> 

Reviewer: Add a screenshot here :)
